fashionfashion friends with people on a
mission to measure campaign really Casey
the shops to somehow chart so you know
what sizes really
I was Rachel his repeal manager at CC
terrific idea
national environment service people see
if it makes much of the experience this
year for
ok now
this way
it makes the body shape spare me so much
so phone and nickel to Donna and up with
a designer nickel to Donna who designs
clothes in the shop is a designer
1-butene
and it is going to use on measure for
measure campaign the child you go for it
I can go for it definitely yes this
doesn't unbeaten food pass because this
part of the service combined but this
the customers across the board of course
you can write it down for him
plus the quality of the government is it
yeah and the service they took away from
the size just beside so yes thank you
this is the fashion fairies London
measure for measure challenge simply
look up your measurements and then
you'll find your size alongside it
I met my strength in prices street let
us push out our legislation Charles
ok
well i think is going to be quiet
just by chance you are so I think it
makes the sugar into it
easier as if you know you can know
emotionally around your master may be a
waste
with a very precise size it's just
easier to cross reference something
that's already on the war and installed
with better than most often all roads
are score just you know when you're just
in a rush or force dynasts as well I'm
like no other list of things to do and
just have to emphasize the hand just
come in Los reference you drop the veil
and it just job done it just makes it
all
there are times
so it will complete
my message my hat as a pic
haha
make a Cabernet
I think it's ready
besides what site they are
shocker
much more comfortable
get the size
yeah I mr. Williams don't be smiling hey
we stayed but come slumming just put on
the list for major campaign charms on
the wall so hasn't been going through
it's great
one of their sizes is most but their
crust of their part of their wife or
their girlfriend size especially during
Christmas tree had a lot of guys in here
had no idea what size reward for their
part was at right panel